now the deputy Secretary General of the
Islamic Jihad Muhammad al- Hindi has
spoken to Lebanese TV station al-
mayadin he said this assassination is
not only directed at the Palestinian
resistance and Hamas in particular but
also at Iran he went on to say Israel is
on the verge of collapse and its
reactions reflect confusion and an
inability to achieve any of its goals he
says it's the first time in its history
that Israel is facing such resistance
let's get more reaction now from the
ground in Gaza Al Han Mahmud is in
central Gaz in dear Al balahan we've
been talking to you um all morning since
this news broke so what sort of response
has there been there from people who are
waking up to the news there in Gaza uh
to the news of is hania's killing in
tran yes well the the vast majority of
people from where we at right now are
getting closer to us and asking several
questions that it's hard to give a
straight answer them because it's hard
to predict what's going to happen the
majority of people here are still
hearing about what happened as of
earlier hours of this morning the
assassination of Hamas political leader
smia in tahan there those who are quite
frustrated and thought and thinking this
is uh going to impede any progress to a
ceasefire deal as they are exhausted
very tired want into this uh dilemma the
Milling that is taking place every
single day there are those who think
that uh this might be uh pushing the the
the war to an end because Netanyahu has
been searching for uh for an absolute
Victory sign just to divert the uh or
sway the public opinion among Israelis
who are putting pressure on him and his
government particularly the families of
the uh of of the hostages in in the Gaza
Strip but uh all in all what we're
seeing here all of this is happening and
the Israeli military continues to strike
across the Gaza Strip we don't see any
discernable impact on the the conduct of
War just as we were preparing with this
report the military Chopper in the
central area for uh for about 5 minutes
kept firing heavy machine guns on the
Eastern uh area of the central uh uh
part of the G particularly Al B
evacuation camp that has been under
evacuation orders for the past uh 3 days
and and people are haven't been able to
get back to their homes everywhere in
the streets operations continue in ra
City destroying the remaining part of
the city there is heavy artillary that
could be heard
clearly every once in a while from the
point we are uh reporting uh from people
are uh giving mixed reactions right now
and the the the dominating narrative
right now do you want to see an end uh
to the war either ways with with the
assassination of a political leader or
with something else they're hoping that
this is going to put an end uh uh to the
war as 10 months of this genocidal War
has has have taken uh their TOS on on on
people uh psychological uh well-being on
their physical well-being on their
livelihood the the safety and the
security of their families and their
their children 40,000 people one person
made a comment about 40,000 people have
been killed so far and this is not about
Hamas this is not about its political
leadership Israel is at war with the
very existence of Palestinians whether
here in the Gaza Strip and they've seen
this in the past 10 months or in the
occupied West Bank and throughout the
past 10 months Israel have been raiding
and detaining and and killing
Palestinians in the occupied West Bank
where Hamas is not active and here the
vast majority of the 40,000 people have
been among the civilian uh population so
the reaction that we're getting here
that Israel will continue to do what
it's doing as a as a as a colonial
Enterprise destroying an occupied
population a colonized population and
whenever is convenient they will play
the card of no we are targeting a
certain group that is responsible for
what happened on October 7th all right
Al is hany Mahmud live for us there in
central Gaza in De Al
balahan make sure to subscribe to our
channel to the latest news from Al jazer